     service-log-level SERVICE [LEVEL]
         If the LEVEL argument is not given, print the current log level as re‐
         ported by service SERVICE.

         If the optional argument LEVEL is provided, then  change  the  current
         log  level  of the service to LEVEL. The log level should be a typical
         syslog log level, i.e. a value in  the  range  0...7  or  one  of  the
         strings  emerg,  alert,  crit,  err, warning, notice, info, debug; see
         syslog(3) for details.

         The service must have the appropriate BusName=destination property and
         also implement the generic  org.freedesktop.LogControl1(5)  interface.
         (systemctl   will  use  the  generic  D-Bus  protocol  to  access  the
         org.freedesktop.LogControl1.LogLevel interface for the D-Bus name des‐
         tination.)

         Added in version 247.

     service-log-target SERVICE [TARGET]
         If the TARGET argument is not given, print the current log  target  as
         reported by service SERVICE.

         If  the  optional argument TARGET is provided, then change the current
         log target of the service to TARGET. The log target should be  one  of
         the  strings  console  (for log output to the service's standard error
         stream), kmsg (for log output to the kernel log buffer), journal  (for
         log  output  to  systemd-journald.service(8)  using the native journal
         protocol), syslog  (for  log  output  to  the  classic  syslog  socket
         /dev/log),  null  (for no log output whatsoever) or auto (for an auto‐
         matically determined choice, typically equivalent to  console  if  the
         service is invoked interactively, and journal or syslog otherwise).

         For  most  services, only a small subset of log targets make sense. In
         particular, most "normal"  services  should  only  implement  console,
         journal,  and  null.  Anything  else is only appropriate for low-level
         services that are active in very early boot before proper  logging  is
         established.

         The service must have the appropriate BusName=destination property and
         also  implement  the generic org.freedesktop.LogControl1(5) interface.
         (systemctl  will  use  the  generic  D-Bus  protocol  to  access   the
         org.freedesktop.LogControl1.LogLevel interface for the D-Bus name des‐
         tination.)

         Added in version 247.

     reset-failed [PATTERN...]
         Reset the "failed" state of the specified units, or if no unit name is
         passed,  reset  the  state of all units. When a unit fails in some way
         (i.e. process exiting with non-zero error code, terminating abnormally
         or timing out), it will automatically enter the "failed" state and its
         exit code and status is recorded for introspection by the  administra‐
         tor  until  the  service is stopped/re-started or reset with this com‐
         mand.

         In addition to resetting the "failed" state of a unit it  also  resets
         various other per-unit properties: the start rate limit counter of all
         unit  types  is  reset  to  zero, as is the restart counter of service
         units. Thus, if a unit's start limit (as configured with StartLimitIn‐
         tervalSec=/StartLimitBurst=) is hit and the unit refuses to be started
         again, use this command to make it startable again.

     whoami [PID...]
         Returns the units the processes referenced by the given PIDs belong to
         (one per line). If no PID is specified returns the unit the  systemctl
         command is invoked in.

         Added in version 254.

   Unit File Commands
     list-unit-files [PATTERN...]
         List unit files installed on the system, in combination with their en‐
         ablement  state  (as  reported by is-enabled). If one or more PATTERNs
         are specified, only unit files whose name  matches  one  of  them  are
         shown (patterns matching unit file system paths are not supported).

         Unlike list-units this command will list template units in addition to
         explicitly instantiated units.

         Added in version 233.

     enable UNIT..., enable PATH...
         Enable  one or more units or unit instances. This will create a set of
         symlinks, as encoded in the [Install] sections of the  indicated  unit
         files.  After  the symlinks have been created, the system manager con‐
         figuration is reloaded (in a way equivalent to daemon-reload), in  or‐
         der  to  ensure  the  changes are taken into account immediately. Note
         that this does not have the effect of also starting any of  the  units
         being enabled. If this is desired, combine this command with the --now
         switch, or invoke start with appropriate arguments later. Note that in
         case of unit instance enablement (i.e. enablement of units of the form
         foo@bar.service),  symlinks named the same as instances are created in
         the unit configuration directory, however they  point  to  the  single
         template unit file they are instantiated from.

         This  command  expects  either valid unit names (in which case various
         unit file directories are automatically searched for unit  files  with
         appropriate  names),  or  absolute  paths to unit files (in which case
         these files are read directly). If a specified unit  file  is  located
         outside  of  the usual unit file directories, an additional symlink is
         created, linking it into the unit configuration path, thus ensuring it
         is found when requested by commands such as  start.  The  file  system
         where  the  linked unit files are located must be accessible when sys‐
         temd is started (e.g. anything underneath /home/ or /var/ is  not  al‐
         lowed, unless those directories are located on the root file system).

         This command will print the file system operations executed. This out‐
         put may be suppressed by passing --quiet.

         Note  that  this  operation creates only the symlinks suggested in the
         [Install] section of the unit files. While this command is the  recom‐
         mended  way to manipulate the unit configuration directory, the admin‐
         istrator is free to make additional changes manually by placing or re‐
         moving symlinks below this directory. This is particularly  useful  to
         create  configurations that deviate from the suggested default instal‐
         lation. In this case, the administrator must make sure to invoke  dae‐
         mon-reload  manually  as necessary, in order to ensure the changes are
         taken into account.

         When using this operation on  units  without  install  information,  a
         warning  about  it  is  shown.   --no-warn can be used to suppress the
         warning.

         Enabling units should  not  be  confused  with  starting  (activating)
         units,  as  done  by the start command. Enabling and starting units is
         orthogonal: units may be enabled without  being  started  and  started
         without  being  enabled.  Enabling  simply hooks the unit into various
         suggested places (for example,  so  that  the  unit  is  automatically
         started  on boot or when a particular kind of hardware is plugged in).
         Starting actually spawns  the  daemon  process  (in  case  of  service
         units), or binds the socket (in case of socket units), and so on.

         Depending on whether --system, --user, --runtime, or --global is spec‐
         ified,  this  enables  the  unit  for the system, for the calling user
         only, for only this boot of the system, or for all  future  logins  of
         all users. Note that in the last case, no systemd daemon configuration
         is reloaded.

         Using enable on masked units is not supported and results in an error.

