     --job-mode=
         When  queuing a new job, this option controls how to deal with already
         queued jobs. It  takes  one  of  "fail",  "lenient",  "replace",  "re‐
         place-irreversibly",   "isolate",  "ignore-dependencies",  "ignore-re‐
         quirements", "flush",  "triggering",  or  "restart-dependencies".  De‐
         faults to "replace", except when the isolate command is used which im‐
         plies the "isolate" job mode.

         If  "fail" is specified and a requested operation on weak dependencies
         conflicts with a pending job (more  specifically:  causes  an  already
         pending start job to be reversed into a stop job or vice versa), cause
         the operation to fail.

         If "lenient" is specified and a requested operation conflicts with any
         active/activating unit, cause the operation to fail.

         If  "replace"  (the default) is specified, any conflicting pending job
         will be replaced, as necessary.

         If "replace-irreversibly" is specified, operate  like  "replace",  but
         also mark the new jobs as irreversible. This prevents future conflict‐
         ing  transactions  from  replacing  these jobs (or even being enqueued
         while the irreversible jobs are still pending). Irreversible jobs  can
         still  be  cancelled using the cancel command. This job mode should be
         used on any transaction which pulls in shutdown.target.

         "isolate" is only valid for start  operations  and  causes  all  other
         units  to  be stopped when the specified unit is started. This mode is
         always used when the isolate command is used.

         "flush" will cause all queued jobs to be canceled when the new job  is
         enqueued.

         If  "ignore-dependencies" is specified, then all unit dependencies are
         ignored for this new job and the operation is executed immediately. If
         passed, no required units of the unit passed will be pulled in, and no
         ordering dependencies will be honored. This is mostly a debugging  and
         rescue  tool  for the administrator and should not be used by applica‐
         tions.

         "ignore-requirements" is similar to  "ignore-dependencies",  but  only
         causes the requirement dependencies to be ignored, the ordering depen‐
         dencies will still be honored.

         "triggering"  may  only be used with systemctl stop. In this mode, the
         specified unit and any active units that trigger it are  stopped.  See
         the  discussion  of  Triggers= in systemd.unit(5) for more information
         about triggering units.

         "restart-dependencies" may only be used with systemctl start. In  this
         mode, dependencies of the specified unit will receive restart propaga‐
         tion, as if a restart job had been enqueued for the unit.

         Added in version 209.

     -T, --show-transaction
         When  enqueuing a unit job (for example as effect of a systemctl start
         invocation or similar), show brief  information  about  all  jobs  en‐
         queued,  covering both the requested job and any added because of unit
         dependencies. Note that the output will only include jobs  immediately
         part  of  the  transaction  requested.  It  is  possible  that service
         start-up program code run as effect of the enqueued jobs might request
         further jobs to be pulled in. This means that completion of the listed
         jobs might ultimately entail more jobs than the listed ones.

         Added in version 242.

     --fail
         Shorthand for --job-mode=fail.

         When used with the kill command, if no units were killed,  the  opera‐
         tion results in an error.

         Added in version 227.

     --check-inhibitors=
         When system shutdown or sleep state is requested, this option controls
         checking  of inhibitor locks. It takes one of "auto", "yes", and "no".
         Defaults to "auto", which means logind will perform the check and  re‐
         spect active inhibitor locks, but systemctl will only do a client-side
         check  for  interactive  invocations (i.e. from a TTY), so that a more
         friendly and informative error can be returned to  users.   "no"  dis‐
         ables the checks both in systemctl and systemd-logind(8).

         Applications  can  establish inhibitor locks to prevent certain impor‐
         tant operations (such as CD burning) from being interrupted by  system
         shutdown  or sleep. Any user may take these locks and privileged users
         may override these locks. If any locks are taken, shutdown  and  sleep
         state  requests  will normally fail (unless explicitly overridden with
         "no").

         Option --force provides another way to override inhibitors.

         Added in version 248.

     -i
         Shortcut for --check-inhibitors=no.

         Added in version 198.

     --dry-run
         Just print what would be done.  Currently  supported  by  verbs  halt,
         poweroff,   reboot,  kexec,  suspend,  hibernate,  hybrid-sleep,  sus‐
         pend-then-hibernate, default, rescue, emergency, and exit.

         Added in version 236.

     -q, --quiet
         Suppress printing of the results of  various  commands  and  also  the
         hints about truncated log lines. This does not suppress output of com‐
         mands for which the printed output is the only result (like show). Er‐
         rors are always printed.

     -v, --verbose
         Display unit log output while executing unit operations.

         Added in version 258.

     --no-warn
         Do not generate the warnings shown by default in the following cases:

         •   when systemctl is invoked without procfs mounted on /proc/,

         •   when  using enable or disable on units without install information
             (i.e. do not have or have an empty [Install] section),

         •   when using disable combined with --user on units that are  enabled
             in global scope,

         •   when a stop-ped, disable-d, or mask-ed unit still has active trig‐
             gering units,

         •   when a unit file is changed and requires daemon-reload.

         Added in version 253.

     --no-block
         Do  not  synchronously  wait for the requested operation to finish. If
         this is not specified, the job will be verified, enqueued and  system‐
         ctl  will wait until the unit's start-up is completed. By passing this
         argument, it is only verified and enqueued. This  option  may  not  be
         combined with --wait.

     --wait
         When  used with start or restart, synchronously wait for started units
         to terminate again. This option may not be combined  with  --no-block.
         Note  that  this  will wait forever if any given unit never terminates
         (by itself or by getting stopped  explicitly);  particularly  services
         which use "RemainAfterExit=yes".

         When  used with is-system-running, wait until the boot process is com‐
         pleted before returning.

         When used with kill, wait until the signalled  units  terminate.  Note
         that this will wait forever if any given unit never terminates.

         Added in version 232.

     --user
         Talk  to the service manager of the calling user, rather than the ser‐
         vice manager of the system.

     --system
         Talk to the service manager of the system. This  is  the  implied  de‐
         fault.

