     -t, --type=
         The argument is a comma-separated list of unit types such  as  service
         and  socket. When units are listed with list-units, list-dependencies,
         show, or status, only units of the specified types will be  shown.  By
         default, units of all types are shown.

         As  a special case, if one of the arguments is help, a list of allowed
         values will be printed and the program will exit.

     --state=
         The argument is a comma-separated list of unit LOAD,  SUB,  or  ACTIVE
         states. When listing units with list-units, list-dependencies, show or
         status, show only those in the specified states. Use --state=failed or
         --failed to show only failed units.

         As  a special case, if one of the arguments is help, a list of allowed
         values will be printed and the program will exit.

         Added in version 206.

     -p, --property=
         When showing unit/job/manager properties with the show command,  limit
         display  to  properties specified in the argument. The argument should
         be a comma-separated list of property names, such as "MainPID". Unless
         specified, all known properties are  shown.  If  specified  more  than
         once, all properties with the specified names are shown. Shell comple‐
         tion is implemented for property names.

         For the manager itself, systemctl show will show all available proper‐
         ties, most of which are derived or closely match the options described
         in systemd-system.conf(5).

         Properties  for  units  vary by unit type, so showing any unit (even a
         non-existent one) is a way to list properties pertaining to this type.
         Similarly, showing any job will  list  properties  pertaining  to  all
         jobs.  Properties for units are documented in systemd.unit(5), and the
         pages for individual unit types systemd.service(5), systemd.socket(5),
         etc.

     -P
         Equivalent to --value --property=, i.e. shows the value of  the  prop‐
         erty  without  the  property name or "=". Note that using -P once will
         also affect all properties listed with -p/--property=.

         Added in version 246.

     -a, --all
         When listing units with list-units, also show inactive units and units
         which are following other units. When showing unit/job/manager proper‐
         ties, show all properties regardless whether they are set or not.

         To  list  all  units  installed  in   the   file   system,   use   the
         list-unit-files command instead.

         When  listing units with list-dependencies, recursively show dependen‐
         cies of all dependent units (by default only  dependencies  of  target
         units are shown).

         When used with status, show journal messages in full, even if they in‐
         clude unprintable characters or are very long. By default, fields with
         unprintable  characters are abbreviated as "blob data". (Note that the
         pager may escape unprintable characters again.)

     -r, --recursive
         When listing units, also show units of local containers. Units of  lo‐
         cal  containers will be prefixed with the container name, separated by
         a single colon character (":").

         Added in version 212.

     --reverse
         Show reverse dependencies between units with  list-dependencies,  i.e.
         follow   dependencies   of  type  WantedBy=,  RequiredBy=,  UpheldBy=,
         PartOf=, BoundBy=, instead of Wants= and similar.

         Added in version 203.

     --after
         With list-dependencies, show the units that  are  ordered  before  the
         specified  unit.  In other words, recursively list units following the
         After= dependency.

         Note that any After= dependency is automatically mirrored to create  a
         Before= dependency. Temporal dependencies may be specified explicitly,
         but  are also created implicitly for units which are WantedBy= targets
         (see systemd.target(5)), and as a result of other directives (for  ex‐
         ample  RequiresMountsFor=).  Both explicitly and implicitly introduced
         dependencies are shown with list-dependencies.

         When passed to the list-jobs command, for each printed job show  which
         other  jobs  are waiting for it. May be combined with --before to show
         both the jobs waiting for each job as well as all  jobs  each  job  is
         waiting for.

         Added in version 203.

     --before
         With  list-dependencies,  show  the  units  that are ordered after the
         specified unit. In other words, recursively list units  following  the
         Before= dependency.

         When  passed to the list-jobs command, for each printed job show which
         other jobs it is waiting for. May be combined  with  --after  to  show
         both  the  jobs  waiting  for each job as well as all jobs each job is
         waiting for.

         Added in version 212.

     --with-dependencies
         When used with status, cat,  list-units,  and  list-unit-files,  those
         commands  print  all  specified  units  and  the dependencies of those
         units.

         Options --reverse, --after, --before may be used to change what  types
         of dependencies are shown.

         Added in version 245.

     -l, --full
         Do  not ellipsize unit names, process tree entries, journal output, or
         truncate unit  descriptions  in  the  output  of  status,  list-units,
         list-jobs, and list-timers.

         Also, show installation targets in the output of is-enabled.

     --value
         When printing properties with show, only print the value, and skip the
         property name and "=". Also see option -P above.

         Added in version 230.

     --show-types
         When showing sockets, show the type of the socket.

         Added in version 202.

