   Environment Commands
     systemd supports an environment block that is passed to processes the man‐
     ager spawns. The names of the variables can contain ASCII letters, digits,
     and the underscore character. Variable names cannot be empty or start with
     a digit. In variable values, most characters are allowed,  but  the  whole
     sequence  must  be valid UTF-8. (Note that control characters like newline
     (NL), tab (TAB), or the escape character (ESC), are valid ASCII  and  thus
     valid  UTF-8).  The  total  length  of the environment block is limited to
     _SC_ARG_MAX value defined by sysconf(3).

     show-environment
         Dump the systemd manager environment block. This  is  the  environment
         block that is passed to all processes the manager spawns. The environ‐
         ment  block will be dumped in straightforward form suitable for sourc‐
         ing into most shells.  If  no  special  characters  or  whitespace  is
         present  in the variable values, no escaping is performed, and the as‐
         signments have the form "VARIABLE=value". If whitespace or  characters
         which  have  special  meaning  to  the  shell are present, dollar-sin‐
         gle-quote escaping is used,  and  assignments  have  the  form  "VARI‐
         ABLE=$'value'".  This  syntax  is  known  to  be supported by bash(1),
         zsh(1), ksh(1), and busybox(1)'s ash(1), but not dash(1) or fish(1).

         Note that this shows the effective block, i.e. the combination of  en‐
         vironment  variables  configured  via configuration files, environment
         generators and via IPC (i.e. via the set-environment described below).
         At the moment a unit process is forked off, this combined  environment
         block  will  be  further combined with per-unit environment variables,
         which are not visible in this command.

     set-environment VARIABLE=VALUE...
         Set one or more service manager environment variables, as specified on
         the command line. This command will fail if variable names and  values
         do not conform to the rules listed above.

         Note  that this operates on an environment block separate from the en‐
         vironment block configured from service manager configuration and  en‐
         vironment generators. Whenever a process is invoked the two blocks are
         combined  (also  incorporating any per-service environment variables),
         and passed to it. The show-environment verb will show the  combination
         of the blocks, see above.

         Added in version 233.

     unset-environment VARIABLE...
         Unset  one  or  more  systemd manager environment variables. If only a
         variable name is specified, it  will  be  removed  regardless  of  its
         value.  If  a variable and a value are specified, the variable is only
         removed if it has the specified value.

         Note that this operates on an environment block separate from the  en‐
         vironment  block configured from service manager configuration and en‐
         vironment generators. Whenever a process is invoked the two blocks are
         combined (also incorporating any per-service  environment  variables),
         and  passed to it. The show-environment verb will show the combination
         of the blocks, see above. Note that this means this command cannot  be
         used  to  unset  environment  variables defined in the service manager
         configuration files or via generators.

         Added in version 233.

     import-environment VARIABLE...
         Import all, one or more environment variables set on the  client  into
         the  systemd manager environment block. If a list of environment vari‐
         able names is passed, client-side values are then  imported  into  the
         manager's  environment  block.  If any names are not valid environment
         variable names or have invalid values according to the rules described
         above, an error is raised. If no arguments are passed, the entire  en‐
         vironment  block  inherited  by  the systemctl process is imported. In
         this mode, any inherited invalid environment variables are quietly ig‐
         nored.

         Importing of the full inherited environment block (calling  this  com‐
         mand  without any arguments) is deprecated. A shell will set dozens of
         variables which only  make  sense  locally  and  are  only  meant  for
         processes  which  are  descendants of the shell. Such variables in the
         global environment block are confusing to other processes.

         Added in version 209.

   Manager State Commands
     daemon-reload
         Reload the systemd manager configuration. This will rerun all  genera‐
         tors  (see  systemd.generator(7)), reload all unit files, and recreate
         the entire dependency tree. While the daemon is  being  reloaded,  all
         sockets  systemd listens on behalf of user configuration will stay ac‐
         cessible.

         This command should not be confused with the reload command.

     daemon-reexec
         Reexecute the systemd manager. This will serialize the manager  state,
         reexecute the process and deserialize the state again. This command is
         of little use except for debugging and package upgrades. Sometimes, it
         might  be helpful as a heavy-weight daemon-reload. While the daemon is
         being reexecuted, all sockets systemd listening on behalf of user con‐
         figuration will stay accessible.

     log-level [LEVEL]
         If no argument is given, print the current log level of  the  manager.
         If  an  optional  argument LEVEL is provided, then the command changes
         the current log level of the manager to LEVEL (accepts the same values
         as --log-level= described in systemd(1)).

         Added in version 244.

     log-target [TARGET]
         If no argument is given, print the current log target of the  manager.
         If  an  optional argument TARGET is provided, then the command changes
         the current log target of the manager to TARGET (accepts the same val‐
         ues as --log-target=, described in systemd(1)).

         Added in version 244.

     service-watchdogs [yes|no]
         If no argument is given, print the current state  of  service  runtime
         watchdogs of the manager. If an optional boolean argument is provided,
         then  globally  enables  or  disables  the  service  runtime watchdogs
         (WatchdogSec=) and emergency actions (e.g.  OnFailure=  or  StartLimi‐
         tAction=);  see  systemd.service(5).  The hardware watchdog is not af‐
         fected by this setting.

         Added in version 244.

   System Commands
