     soft-reboot
         Shut down and reboot userspace. This is equivalent to systemctl  start
         soft-reboot.target  --job-mode=replace-irreversibly  --no-block.  This
         command is asynchronous; it will return after the reboot operation  is
         enqueued, without waiting for it to complete.

         This command honors --force and --when= in a similar way as halt.

         This operation only reboots userspace, leaving the kernel running. See
         systemd-soft-reboot.service(8) for details.

         If  a  new  root  file  system  has been set up on "/run/nextroot/", a
         soft-reboot will be performed when reboot is invoked, unless  "SYSTEM‐
         CTL_SKIP_AUTO_SOFT_REBOOT=1" has been set.

         Added in version 254.

     exit [EXIT_CODE]
         Ask  the service manager to quit. This is only supported for user ser‐
         vice managers (i.e. in conjunction with the --user option) or in  con‐
         tainers and is equivalent to poweroff otherwise. This command is asyn‐
         chronous; it will return after the exit operation is enqueued, without
         waiting for it to complete.

         The  service  manager  will  exit  with  the  specified  exit code, if
         EXIT_CODE is passed.

         Added in version 227.

     switch-root [ROOT [INIT]]
         Switches to a different root directory and executes a new system  man‐
         ager  process  below  it.  This is intended for use in the initrd, and
         will transition from  the  initrd's  system  manager  process  (a.k.a.
         "init"  process,  PID  1)  to the main system manager process which is
         loaded from the actual host root files system. This call takes two ar‐
         guments: the directory that is to become the new root  directory,  and
         the  path  to the new system manager binary below it to execute as PID
         1. If both are omitted or the former is an empty string it defaults to
         /sysroot/. If the latter is omitted or is an empty string,  a  systemd
         binary will automatically be searched for and used as service manager.
         If  the  system  manager path is omitted, equal to the empty string or
         identical to the path to the systemd binary, the state of the initrd's
         system manager process is passed to the main system manager, which al‐
         lows later introspection of the state of the services involved in  the
         initrd boot phase.

         Added in version 209.

     sleep
         Put  the system to sleep, through suspend, hibernate, hybrid-sleep, or
         suspend-then-hibernate. The sleep operation to  use  is  automatically
         selected by systemd-logind.service(8). By default, suspend-then-hiber‐
         nate is used, and falls back to suspend and then hibernate if not sup‐
         ported.  Refer  to  SleepOperation= setting in logind.conf(5) for more
         details. This command is asynchronous, and will return after the sleep
         operation is successfully enqueued. It will not wait for the sleep/re‐
         sume cycle to complete.

         Added in version 256.

     suspend
         Suspend the system. This will trigger activation of the special target
         unit suspend.target. This command is asynchronous, and will return af‐
         ter the suspend operation is successfully enqueued. It will  not  wait
         for the suspend/resume cycle to complete.

         If --force is specified, and systemd-logind returned error for the op‐
         eration,  the  error  will  be ignored and the operation will be tried
         again directly through starting the target unit.

     hibernate
         Hibernate the system. This will trigger activation of the special tar‐
         get unit hibernate.target. This command is asynchronous, and will  re‐
         turn after the hibernation operation is successfully enqueued. It will
         not wait for the hibernate/thaw cycle to complete.

         This command honors --force in the same way as suspend.

     hybrid-sleep
         Hibernate  and suspend the system. This will trigger activation of the
         special target unit hybrid-sleep.target. This command is asynchronous,
         and will return after the hybrid sleep operation is  successfully  en‐
         queued. It will not wait for the sleep/wake-up cycle to complete.

         This command honors --force in the same way as suspend.

         Added in version 196.

     suspend-then-hibernate
         Suspend  the  system and hibernate it when the battery is low, or when
         the delay specified in systemd-sleep.conf elapsed. This  will  trigger
         activation  of  the special target unit suspend-then-hibernate.target.
         This command is asynchronous, and will return after the  hybrid  sleep
         operation   is  successfully  enqueued.  It  will  not  wait  for  the
         sleep/wake-up or hibernate/thaw cycle to complete.

         This command honors --force in the same way as suspend.

         Added in version 240.

   Parameter Syntax
     Unit commands listed above take either a single unit name  (designated  as
     UNIT),  or multiple unit specifications (designated as PATTERN...). In the
     first case, the unit name with or without a suffix must be given.  If  the
     suffix  is  not specified (unit name is "abbreviated"), systemctl will ap‐
     pend a suitable suffix, ".service" by default, and a type-specific  suffix
     in  case  of commands which operate only on specific unit types. For exam‐
     ple,

         # systemctl start sshd

     and

         # systemctl start sshd.service

     are equivalent, as are

         # systemctl isolate default

     and

         # systemctl isolate default.target

     Note that (absolute) paths to device nodes are automatically converted  to
     device unit names, and other (absolute) paths to mount unit names.

         # systemctl status /dev/sda
         # systemctl status /home

     are equivalent to:

         # systemctl status dev-sda.device
         # systemctl status home.mount

     In  the second case, shell-style globs will be matched against the primary
     names of all units currently in memory; literal unit names, with or  with‐
     out  a  suffix, will be treated as in the first case. This means that lit‐
     eral unit names always refer to exactly one unit, but globs may match zero
     units and this is not considered an error.

     Glob patterns use fnmatch(3), so normal  shell-style  globbing  rules  are
     used,  and  "*",  "?", "[]" may be used. See glob(7) for more details. The
     patterns are matched against the primary names of units currently in  mem‐
     ory,  and  patterns  which do not match anything are silently skipped. For
     example:

         # systemctl stop "sshd@*.service"

     will stop all sshd@.service instances. Note that alias names of units, and
     units that are not in memory are not considered for glob expansion.

     For unit file commands, the specified UNIT should be the name of the  unit
     file  (possibly  abbreviated, see above), or the absolute path to the unit
     file:

         # systemctl enable foo.service

     or

         # systemctl link /path/to/foo.service

OPTIONS
     The following options are understood:

