     --failed
         List units in failed state. This is equivalent to --state=failed.

         Added in version 233.

     --no-wall
         Do not send wall message before halt, power-off and reboot.

     --global
         When used with enable and disable, operate on the global user configu‐
         ration  directory, thus enabling or disabling a unit file globally for
         all future logins of all users.

     --no-reload
         When used with enable, disable, preset, mask, or unmask,  do  not  im‐
         plicitly reload daemon configuration after executing the changes.

     --kill-whom=
         When  used  with  kill,  choose which processes to send a UNIX process
         signal to. Must be one of main,  control,  cgroup  or  all  to  select
         whether  to  kill  only  the  main  process,  the control process, all
         processes in the unit's control group or all processes  of  the  unit.
         The  main process of the unit is the one that defines the life-time of
         it. A control process of a unit is one that is invoked by the  manager
         to  induce state changes of it. For example, all processes started due
         to the ExecStartPre=, ExecStop= or  ExecReload=  settings  of  service
         units  are  control  processes.  Note  that  there is only one control
         process per unit at a time, as only one state change is executed at  a
         time.  For  services of type Type=forking, the initial process started
         by the manager for ExecStart= is a control process, while the  process
         ultimately  forked off by that one is then considered the main process
         of the unit (if it can be determined). This is different  for  service
         units  of other types, where the process forked off by the manager for
         ExecStart= is always the main process itself. A service unit  consists
         of zero or one main process, zero or one control process plus any num‐
         ber  of additional processes part of the unit's control group. Not all
         unit types manage processes of these types however. For  example,  for
         mount  units, control processes are defined (which are the invocations
         of /usr/bin/mount and /usr/bin/umount), but no  main  process  is  de‐
         fined. If omitted, defaults to all, except if --kill-subgroup= is used
         in which case defaults to cgroup.

         Added in version 252.

     --kill-value=INT
         If used with the kill command, enqueues a signal along with the speci‐
         fied integer value parameter to the specified process(es). This opera‐
         tion  is  only  available  for  POSIX  Realtime  Signals (i.e.  --sig‐
         nal=SIGRTMIN+...  or --signal=SIGRTMAX-...), and ensures  the  signals
         are  generated  via  the sigqueue(3) system call, rather than kill(3).
         The specified value must be a 32-bit signed integer, and may be speci‐
         fied either in decimal, in hexadecimal (if prefixed with "0x"),  octal
         (if prefixed with "0o") or binary (if prefixed with "0b")

         If this option is used the signal will only be enqueued on the control
         or main process of the unit, never on other processes belonging to the
         unit,   i.e.   --kill-whom=all  will  only  affect  main  and  control
         processes but no other processes.

         Added in version 254.

     --kill-subgroup=PATH
         Takes a control group sub-path to send signals to, for  use  with  the
         kill  command.  By  default  the  chosen  signal  is  delivered to all
         processes of the unit's cgroups (as well as the main/control processes
         (if outside) – subject to --kill-whom=). But with this option  a  sub‐
         group  can be selelected instead. This functionality is only available
         if "cgroup" or "cgroup-fail" are used with --kill-whom=, and  in  fact
         the former is the default if --kill-subgroup= is used.

         The  specified path may, but doesn't have to be prefixed with a slash,
         and its absence or presence has no effect,  the  path  is  either  way
         taken relative to the unit's main control group path.

         This functionality is only available on units where control group del‐
         egation is enabled (see Delegate= in systemd.resource-control(5)).

         Added in version 258.

     -s, --signal=
         When  used  with  kill,  choose  which  signal  to  send  to  selected
         processes. Must be one of the well-known  signal  specifiers  such  as
         SIGTERM, SIGINT or SIGSTOP. If omitted, defaults to SIGTERM.

         The  special  value  "help" will list the known values and the program
         will exit immediately, and the special value "list"  will  list  known
         values  along  with  the numerical signal numbers and the program will
         exit immediately.

     --what=
         Select what type of per-unit resources to remove when the  clean  com‐
         mand  is invoked, see above. Takes one of configuration, state, cache,
         logs, runtime, fdstore to select the type of resource. This option may
         be specified more than once, in  which  case  all  specified  resource
         types  are  removed.  Also accepts the special value all as a shortcut
         for specifying all six resource types. If this option is not specified
         defaults to the combination of cache, runtime and  fdstore,  i.e.  the
         three kinds of resources that are generally considered to be redundant
         and  can  be  reconstructed on next invocation. Note that the explicit
         removal  of  the  fdstore  resource  type  is  only  useful   if   the
         FileDescriptorStorePreserve=  option  is  enabled,  since the file de‐
         scriptor store is otherwise cleaned automatically  when  the  unit  is
         stopped.

         Added in version 243.

     -f, --force
         When used with enable, overwrite any existing conflicting symlinks.

         When  used  with  edit, create all of the specified units which do not
         already exist.

         When used with suspend, hibernate, hybrid-sleep,  or  suspend-then-hi‐
         bernate, the error returned by systemd-logind will be ignored, and the
         operation  will be performed directly through starting the correspond‐
         ing units.

         When used with halt, poweroff, reboot, or kexec, execute the  selected
         operation without shutting down all units. However, all processes will
         be  killed  forcibly  and  all file systems are unmounted or remounted
         read-only. This is hence a drastic but relatively safe option  to  re‐
         quest an immediate reboot. If --force is specified twice for these op‐
         erations  (with the exception of kexec), they will be executed immedi‐
         ately, without terminating any processes or unmounting any  file  sys‐
         tems.

             Warning
             Specifying --force twice with any of these operations might result
             in  data  loss.  Note that when --force is specified twice the se‐
             lected operation is executed by systemctl itself, and  the  system
             manager  is  not  contacted. This means the command should succeed
             even when the system manager has crashed.

     --message=
         When used with halt, poweroff or reboot, set a short message  explain‐
         ing  the reason for the operation. The message will be logged together
         with the default shutdown message.

         Added in version 225.

     --now
         When  used   with   enable,   disable,   mask,   or   reenable,   also
         start/stop/try-restart  the units after the specified unit file opera‐
         tions succeed.

         Added in version 220.

     --root=
         When used with enable/disable/is-enabled (and related  commands),  use
         the specified root path when looking for unit files. If this option is
         present,  systemctl  will operate on the file system directly, instead
         of communicating with the systemd daemon to carry out changes.

     --image=image
         Takes a path to a disk image file or block device node. If  specified,
         all operations are applied to file system in the indicated disk image.
         This option is similar to --root=, but operates on file systems stored
         in  disk images or block devices. The disk image should either contain
         just a file system or a set of file systems within a GPT partition ta‐
         ble, following the UAPI.2  Discoverable  Partitions  Specification[2].
         For  further  information  on  supported  disk  images,  see  systemd-
         nspawn(1)'s switch of the same name.

         Added in version 252.

