     --image-policy=policy
         Takes an image policy string as argument,  as  per  systemd.image-pol‐
         icy(7). The policy is enforced when operating on the disk image speci‐
         fied  via  --image=,  see above. If not specified, defaults to the "*"
         policy, i.e. all recognized file systems in the image are used.

     --runtime
         When used with enable, disable, edit,  (and  related  commands),  make
         changes  only  temporarily,  so that they are lost on the next reboot.
         This will have the effect that changes are not made in  subdirectories
         of  /etc/  but  in  /run/,  with identical immediate effects, however,
         since the latter is lost on reboot, the changes are lost too.

         Similarly, when used with set-property, make changes only temporarily,
         so that they are lost on the next reboot.

     --preset-mode=
         Takes one of "full" (the default), "enable-only", "disable-only". When
         used with the preset or preset-all commands,  controls  whether  units
         shall  be  disabled and enabled according to the preset rules, or only
         enabled, or only disabled.

         Added in version 215.

     -n, --lines=
         When used with status, controls the number of journal lines  to  show,
         counting from the most recent ones. Takes a positive integer argument,
         or 0 to disable journal output. Defaults to 10.

     -o, --output=
         When  used with status, controls the formatting of the journal entries
         that are shown. For the available choices, see journalctl(1). Defaults
         to "short".

     --firmware-setup
         When used with the reboot, poweroff, or halt command, indicate to  the
         system's  firmware to reboot into the firmware setup interface for the
         next boot. Note that this functionality is not available on  all  sys‐
         tems.

         Added in version 220.

     --boot-loader-menu=timeout
         When  used with the reboot, poweroff, or halt command, indicate to the
         system's boot loader to show the boot loader  menu  on  the  following
         boot.  Takes a time value as parameter —— indicating the menu timeout.
         Pass zero in order to disable the menu timeout. Note that not all boot
         loaders support this functionality.

         Added in version 242.

     --boot-loader-entry=ID
         When used with the reboot, poweroff, or halt command, indicate to  the
         system's  boot loader to boot into a specific boot loader entry on the
         following boot. Takes a boot loader entry identifier as  argument,  or
         "help"  in  order  to  list  available entries. Note that not all boot
         loaders support this functionality.

         Added in version 242.

     --reboot-argument=
         This switch is  used  with  reboot.  The  value  is  architecture  and
         firmware  specific. As an example, "recovery" might be used to trigger
         system recovery, and "fota" might be used to trigger a “firmware  over
         the air” update.

         Added in version 246.

     --plain
         When  used  with  list-dependencies,  list-units or list-machines, the
         output is printed as a list instead of a tree, and the bullet  circles
         are omitted.

         Added in version 203.

     --timestamp=
         Change  the  format of printed timestamps. The following values may be
         used:

         pretty (this is the default)
             "Day YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS TZ"

             Added in version 248.

         unix
             "@seconds-since-the-epoch"

             Added in version 251.

         us, μs
             "Day YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.UUUUUU TZ"

             Added in version 248.

         utc
             "Day YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS UTC"

             Added in version 248.

         us+utc, μs+utc
             "Day YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.UUUUUU UTC"

             Added in version 248.

         Added in version 247.

     --mkdir
         When used with bind, creates the destination file or directory  before
         applying the bind mount. Note that even though the name of this option
         suggests  that  it  is suitable only for directories, this option also
         creates the destination file node to mount over if the object to mount
         is not a directory, but a regular file, device node, socket or FIFO.

         Added in version 248.

     --read-only
         When used with bind, creates a read-only bind mount.

         Added in version 248.

     --drop-in=NAME
         When used with edit, use NAME as the  drop-in  file  name  instead  of
         override.conf.

         Added in version 253.

     --when=
         When used with halt, poweroff, reboot or kexec, schedule the action to
         be performed at the given timestamp, which should adhere to the syntax
         documented in systemd.time(7) section "PARSING TIMESTAMPS". Specially,
         if  "show"  is  given,  the  currently scheduled action will be shown,
         which can be canceled by passing an empty string or "cancel".   "auto"
         will schedule the action according to maintenance window or one minute
         in the future.

         Added in version 254.

     --stdin
         When  used with edit, the contents of the file will be read from stan‐
         dard input and the editor will not be launched. In this mode, the  old
         contents of the file are completely replaced. This is useful to "edit"
         unit files from scripts:

             $ systemctl edit --drop-in=limits.conf --stdin some-service.service <<EOF
             [Unit]
             AllowedCPUs=7,11
             EOF

         Multiple drop-ins may be "edited" in this mode; the same contents will
         be written to all of them.

         Added in version 256.

     -H, --host=
         Execute  the operation remotely. Specify a hostname, or a username and
         hostname separated by "@", to connect to. The hostname may  optionally
         be  suffixed by a port ssh is listening on, separated by ":", and then
         a container name, separated by "/", which connects directly to a  spe‐
         cific  container  on  the specified host. This will use SSH to talk to
         the remote machine manager instance. Container names may be enumerated
         with machinectl -H HOST. Put IPv6 addresses in brackets.

