     list-timers [PATTERN...]
         List timer units currently in memory, ordered by the time they  elapse
         next.  If  one or more PATTERNs are specified, only units matching one
         of them are shown. Produces output similar to

             NEXT                         LEFT          LAST                         PASSED     UNIT                         ACTIVATES
             -                            -             Thu 2017-02-23 13:40:29 EST  3 days ago ureadahead-stop.timer        ureadahead-stop.service
             Sun 2017-02-26 18:55:42 EST  1min 14s left Thu 2017-02-23 13:54:44 EST  3 days ago systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service
             Sun 2017-02-26 20:37:16 EST  1h 42min left Sun 2017-02-26 11:56:36 EST  6h ago     apt-daily.timer              apt-daily.service
             Sun 2017-02-26 20:57:49 EST  2h 3min left  Sun 2017-02-26 11:56:36 EST  6h ago     snapd.refresh.timer          snapd.refresh.service

         NEXT shows the next time the timer will run.

         LEFT shows how long till the next time the timer runs.

         LAST shows the last time the timer ran.

         PASSED shows how long has passed since the timer last ran.

         UNIT shows the name of the timer

         ACTIVATES shows the name the service the timer activates when it runs.

         Also see --all and --state=.

         Added in version 209.

     is-active PATTERN...
         Check whether any of the specified units are  active  (i.e.  running).
         Returns  an  exit code 0 if at least one is active, or non-zero other‐
         wise. Unless --quiet is specified, this will also  print  the  current
         unit state to standard output.

     is-failed [PATTERN...]
         Check  whether any of the specified units is in the "failed" state. If
         no unit is specified, check whether there are any failed units or  or‐
         dering  cycles,  which corresponds to the "degraded" state returned by
         is-system-running. Returns an exit code 0 if at least one has  failed,
         non-zero  otherwise. Unless --quiet is specified, this will also print
         the current unit or system state to standard output.

         Added in version 197.

     status [PATTERN...|PID...]]
         Show runtime status information about the whole system or about one or
         more units followed by most recent log data from the  journal.  If  no
         positional  arguments  are specified, and no unit filter is given with
         --type=, --state=, or --failed, shows the status of the whole  system.
         If  combined with --all, follows that with the status of all units. If
         positional  arguments  are  specified,  each  positional  argument  is
         treated as either a unit name to show, or a glob pattern to show units
         whose  names  match that pattern, or a PID to show the unit containing
         that PID. When --type=, --state=, or --failed are used, units are  ad‐
         ditionally filtered by the TYPE and ACTIVE state.

         This  function  is  intended to generate human-readable output. If you
         are looking for computer-parsable output, use  show  instead.  By  de‐
         fault,  this  function  only  shows  10 lines of output and ellipsizes
         lines to fit in the terminal window. This can be changed with  --lines
         and  --full,  see  above. In addition, journalctl --unit=NAME or jour‐
         nalctl --user-unit=NAME use a similar filter for messages and might be
         more convenient.

         Note that this operation only displays runtime status,  i.e.  informa‐
         tion  about  the  current invocation of the unit (if it is running) or
         the most recent invocation (if it is not running anymore, and has  not
         been released from memory). Information about earlier invocations, in‐
         vocations  from  previous system boots, or prior invocations that have
         already been released from memory  may  be  retrieved  via  journalctl
         --unit=.

         systemd  implicitly loads units as necessary, so just running the sta‐
         tus will attempt to load a file. The command is thus  not  useful  for
         determining if something was already loaded or not. The units may pos‐
         sibly  also  be  quickly  unloaded after the operation is completed if
         there's no reason to keep it in memory thereafter.

         Example 1. Example output from systemctl status

             $ systemctl status bluetooth
             ● bluetooth.service - Bluetooth service
                Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/bluetooth.service; enabled; preset: enabled)
                Active: active (running) since Wed 2017-01-04 13:54:04 EST; 1 weeks 0 days ago
                  Docs: man:bluetoothd(8)
              Main PID: 930 (bluetoothd)
                Status: "Running"
                 Tasks: 1
                Memory: 648.0K
                   CPU: 435ms
                CGroup: /system.slice/bluetooth.service
                        └─930 /usr/lib/bluetooth/bluetoothd

             Jan 12 10:46:45 example.com bluetoothd[8900]: Not enough free handles to register service
             Jan 12 10:46:45 example.com bluetoothd[8900]: Current Time Service could not be registered
             Jan 12 10:46:45 example.com bluetoothd[8900]: gatt-time-server: Input/output error (5)

         The dot ("●") uses color on supported terminals to summarize the  unit
         state at a glance. Along with its color, its shape varies according to
         its  state:  "inactive" or "maintenance" is a white circle ("○"), "ac‐
         tive" is a green dot ("●"), "deactivating" is a white dot, "failed" or
         "error" is a red cross ("×"), and "reloading"  or  "refreshing"  is  a
         green clockwise circle arrow ("↻").

         The  "Loaded:"  line  in the output will show "loaded" if the unit has
         been loaded into memory. Other possible values for "Loaded:"  include:
         "error" if there was a problem loading it, "not-found" if no unit file
         was  found for this unit, "bad-setting" if an essential unit file set‐
         ting could not be parsed and  "masked"  if  the  unit  file  has  been
         masked.  Along  with showing the path to the unit file, this line will
         also show the enablement state. Enabled units are included in the  de‐
         pendency  network  between  units, and thus are started at boot or via
         some other form of activation. See the full table of possible  enable‐
         ment states —— including the definition of "masked" —— in the documen‐
         tation for the is-enabled command.

         The  "Active:"  line shows active state. The value is usually "active"
         or "inactive". Active could mean started, bound, plugged in,  etc  de‐
         pending  on the unit type. The unit could also be in process of chang‐
         ing states, reporting a state of  "activating"  or  "deactivating".  A
         special "failed" state is entered when the service failed in some way,
         such  as  a  crash,  exiting  with an error code or timing out. If the
         failed state is entered the cause will be logged for later reference.

     show [PATTERN...|JOB...]
         Show properties of one or more units, jobs, or the manager itself.  If
         no  argument is specified, properties of the manager will be shown. If
         a unit name is specified, properties of the unit are shown, and  if  a
         job  ID  is  specified,  properties  of the job are shown. By default,
         empty properties are suppressed. Use --all to show those too.  To  se‐
         lect specific properties to show, use --property=. This command is in‐
         tended  to  be used whenever computer-parsable output is required. Use
         status if you are looking for formatted human-readable output.

         Many properties shown by systemctl show map directly to  configuration
         settings  of  the  system and service manager and its unit files. Note
         that the properties shown by the command are generally more low-level,
         normalized versions of the original configuration settings and  expose
         runtime  state  in  addition to configuration. For example, properties
         shown for service units include the  service's  current  main  process
         identifier  as  "MainPID"  (which is runtime state), and time settings
         are always exposed as properties ending in the "...USec"  suffix  even
         if a matching configuration options end in "...Sec", because microsec‐
         onds  is  the  normalized  time unit used internally by the system and
         service manager.

         For details about many of these properties, see the  documentation  of
         the D-Bus interface backing these properties, see org.freedesktop.sys‐
         temd1(5).

     cat PATTERN...
         Show  backing  files  of  one or more units. Prints the "fragment" and
         "drop-ins" (source files) of units. Each file is preceded by a comment
         which includes the file name. Note that this shows the contents of the
         backing files on disk, which might not match the system manager's  un‐
         derstanding  of these units if any unit files were updated on disk and
         the daemon-reload command was not issued since.

         Added in version 209.

     help PATTERN...|PID...
         Show manual pages for one or more units, if available.  If  a  PID  is
         given, the manual pages for the unit the process belongs to are shown.

         Added in version 185.

