COMMANDS

     disable UNIT...
         Disables  one  or  more  units.  This removes all symlinks to the unit
         files backing the specified units from the unit  configuration  direc‐
         tory,  and  hence undoes any changes made by enable or link. Note that
         this removes all symlinks to matching unit files,  including  manually
         created  symlinks,  and  not  just those actually created by enable or
         link. Note that while disable undoes the effect  of  enable,  the  two
         commands  are otherwise not symmetric, as disable may remove more sym‐
         links than a prior enable invocation of the same unit created.

         This command expects valid unit names only, it does not  accept  paths
         to unit files.

         In  addition  to  the units specified as arguments, all units are dis‐
         abled that are listed in the Also= setting contained in the  [Install]
         section of any of the unit files being operated on.

         This command implicitly reloads the system manager configuration after
         completing  the  operation. Note that this command does not implicitly
         stop the units that are being disabled. If  this  is  desired,  either
         combine this command with the --now switch, or invoke the stop command
         with appropriate arguments later.

         This  command  will print information about the file system operations
         (symlink removals) executed. This output may be suppressed by  passing
         --quiet.

         If  a  unit gets disabled but its triggering units are still active, a
         warning containing  the  names  of  the  triggering  units  is  shown.
         --no-warn can be used to suppress the warning.

         When  this  command  is  used with --user, the units being operated on
         might still be enabled in global scope, and thus get started automati‐
         cally even after a successful disablement in user scope. In this case,
         a warning about it is shown, which can be suppressed using --no-warn.

         This  command  honors  --system,  --user,  --runtime,   --global   and
         --no-warn in a similar way as enable.

         Added in version 238.

     reenable UNIT...
         Reenable  one or more units, as specified on the command line. This is
         a combination of disable and enable and is useful to  reset  the  sym‐
         links  a  unit  file is enabled with to the defaults configured in its
         [Install] section. This command expects a unit name only, it does  not
         accept paths to unit files.

         This command implicitly reloads the system manager configuration after
         completing  the  operation. Note that this command does not implicitly
         restart the units that are being disabled. If this is desired,  either
         combine  this command with the --now switch, or invoke the try-restart
         command with appropriate arguments later.

         Added in version 238.

     preset UNIT...
         Reset the enable/disable status of one or more unit files,  as  speci‐
         fied  on  the  command  line, to the defaults configured in the preset
         policy files. This has the same effect as disable or enable, depending
         how the unit is listed in the preset files.

         Use --preset-mode= to control whether units shall be enabled and  dis‐
         abled, or only enabled, or only disabled.

         If  the  unit  carries no install information, it will be silently ig‐
         nored by this command.  UNIT must be the real  unit  name,  any  alias
         names are ignored silently.

         For  more  information  on  the preset policy format, see systemd.pre‐
         set(5).

         Added in version 238.

     preset-all
         Resets all installed unit files to the defaults configured in the pre‐
         set policy file (see above).

         Use --preset-mode= to control whether units shall be enabled and  dis‐
         abled, or only enabled, or only disabled.

         Added in version 215.

