COMMANDS

     list-dependencies [UNIT...]
         Shows  units  required  and wanted by the specified units. This recur‐
         sively lists units following the Requires=, Requisite=,  Wants=,  Con‐
         sistsOf=,  BindsTo=, and Upholds= dependencies. If no units are speci‐
         fied, default.target is implied.

         The units that are shown are  additionally  filtered  by  --type=  and
         --state= if those options are specified. Note that we will not be able
         to use a tree structure in this case, so --plain is implied.

         By  default, only target units are recursively expanded. When --all is
         passed, all other units are recursively expanded as well.

         Options --reverse, --after, --before may be used to change what  types
         of dependencies are shown.

         Note  that  this command only lists units currently loaded into memory
         by the service manager. In particular, this command is not suitable to
         get a comprehensive list at all reverse  dependencies  on  a  specific
         unit, as it will not list the dependencies declared by units currently
         not loaded.

         Added in version 198.

     start PATTERN...
         Start (activate) one or more units specified on the command line.

         Note  that  unit  glob  patterns expand to names of units currently in
         memory. Units which are not active and are not in a failed state  usu‐
         ally are not in memory, and will not be matched by any pattern. In ad‐
         dition, in case of instantiated units, systemd is often unaware of the
         instance  name  until  the instance has been started. Therefore, using
         glob patterns with start has limited usefulness. Also, secondary alias
         names of units are not considered.

         Option --all may be used to also operate on inactive units  which  are
         referenced  by  other  loaded units. Note that this is not the same as
         operating on "all" possible units, because as the  previous  paragraph
         describes,  such  a list is ill-defined. Nevertheless, systemctl start
         --all GLOB may be useful if all the units that should match  the  pat‐
         tern are pulled in by some target which is known to be loaded.

     stop PATTERN...
         Stop (deactivate) one or more units specified on the command line.

         This  command  will  fail if the unit does not exist or if stopping of
         the unit is prohibited (see RefuseManualStop= in systemd.unit(5)).  It
         will  not fail if any of the commands configured to stop the unit (Ex‐
         ecStop=, etc.) fail, because the manager will still forcibly terminate
         the unit.

         If a unit that gets stopped can still be triggered by other  units,  a
         warning  containing  the  names  of  the  triggering  units  is shown.
         --no-warn can be used to suppress the warning.

     reload PATTERN...
         Asks all units listed on the command line to reload  their  configura‐
         tion.  Note  that this will reload the service-specific configuration,
         not the unit configuration file of systemd. If you want systemd to re‐
         load the configuration file of a unit, use the daemon-reload  command.
         In  other  words:  for  the  example  case of Apache, this will reload
         Apache's httpd.conf in the web server, not the apache.service  systemd
         unit file.

         This command should not be confused with the daemon-reload command.

     restart PATTERN...
         Stop  and  then start one or more units specified on the command line.
         If the units are not running yet, they will be started.

         Note that restarting a unit with this  command  does  not  necessarily
         flush  out all of the unit's resources before it is started again. For
         example,  the  per-service  file  descriptor  storage  facility   (see
         FileDescriptorStoreMax=  in  systemd.service(5)) will remain intact as
         long as the unit has a job pending, and is only cleared when the  unit
         is  fully  stopped  and no jobs are pending anymore. If it is intended
         that the file descriptor store is flushed out, too, during  a  restart
         operation  an  explicit  systemctl  stop command followed by systemctl
         start should be issued.

     try-restart PATTERN...
         Stop and then start one or more units specified on the command line if
         the units are running. This does nothing if units are not running.

     enqueue-marked
         Enqueue start/stop/restart/reload jobs for all units that have the re‐
         spective "needs-*" markers set. When a unit marked for reload does not
         support reload, restart will be queued. Those properties  can  be  set
         using set-property Markers=....

         Unless  --no-block is used, systemctl will wait for the queued jobs to
         finish.

         Added in version 260.

     reload-or-restart PATTERN...
         Reload one or more units if they support it. If  not,  stop  and  then
         start  them  instead.  If  the units are not running yet, they will be
         started.

         When used in combination with --marked, it is a  deprecated  alias  of
         enqueue-marked.

     try-reload-or-restart PATTERN...
         Reload  one  or  more  units if they support it. If not, stop and then
         start them instead. This does nothing if the units are not running.

         Added in version 229.

     isolate UNIT
         Start the unit specified on the command line and its dependencies  and
         stop  all  others,  unless  they  have  IgnoreOnIsolate=yes  (see sys‐
         temd.unit(5)). If a unit name with no extension is given, an extension
         of ".target" will be assumed.

         This command is dangerous, since it will  immediately  stop  processes
         that are not enabled in the new target, possibly including the graphi‐
         cal environment or terminal you are currently using.

         Note  that this operation is allowed only on units where AllowIsolate=
         is enabled. See systemd.unit(5) for details.

     kill PATTERN...
         Send a UNIX process signal to one or more processes of the  unit.  Use
         --kill-whom= to select which process to send the signal to. Use --sig‐
         nal=  to  select the signal to send. Combine with --kill-value= to en‐
         queue a POSIX Realtime Signal with an associated value.

